# Milestone 4 reflection

Currently, our Dashboard implements 4 different plots. The first plot is a boxplot showing the movie rating distribution by genre. The second plot is a line chart showing how the average rating or runtime has changed over the years for each genre. We also have a bar chart showing the top actors from the best rated movies. Lastly, we have a map showing the top rated movie in each region as well as highlights the currently selected regions. On the lefthand side we have filters for the genre, region, and year of production which affect all of the plots on the dashboard. Lastly, we have 4 summary statistics that summarize the currently filtered data.

Since Milestone 2, we have added several improvements that we wanted to add previously as well as some improvements from the feedback we received from another group. We have improved performance by saving our data as a feather file for faster I/O and by adding loading spinners for more clarity to the user. We have made the bar chart interactive by adding a tooltip which shows the top movie of the actor. The feedback we received stated that the region selector would be more accessible with full country names, so we have implemented this. We also moved this filter to the bottom of the list so that it doesn't cover up any of the other filters. We have also added a dynamic header to the line chart that updates with the selected y-axis.

We did not have time to implement everything in our DashR app. In particular, we did not implement the above mentioned improvements. Additionally, we ran into some bugs with the tooltips for the line plot, so the tooltip only shows the average rating/runtime without a label. We noticed that adding a label causes the lines themselves to disappear which clearly indicates a bug. Also, the toggle to select the y-axis for the line chart could not be formatted properly and the two options are slightly too close to each other. The DashR app is also quite a bit slower than the DashPython app and it does not have a favicon or title.

We found development in DashR to be much more difficult. The syntax is very verbose and much less readable because of all the $ signs and the long list objects. We also noticed several bugs throughout our development including not being able to format tooltips and ggplot legends not showing up in the correct place. Lastly, every time we made a change in our DashR code, we had to manually restart the application which slowed down the flow of development.
